This page will cover how Constellations will work in game for [[Main - Astral Attunement and Artisanry]]. **Importantly:** when the Constellations are being generated, we will need to account for their [[Constellation Impls#Shape|Shape]], since two overlapping Constellations could cause massive issues!
## Registration
To allow addons (such as [[Druidic Addenda]]) to add in their own Constellations, the system will need to be very expandable and preferable simple when possible. Thus, building off of Neoforge's registries will be the best. Each Constellation will need to define their: **[[Constellation Impls#Shape|Shape]]**, and **[[Attunement#Attunement Trees|Attunement Tree]]** (This may be expanded later on)
+ another approach would be to register constellations similarly to crafting recipes - a JSON with a list of strings defining the [[Constellation Impls#Shape|shape]], and a kind of Registry that registers it by the matching namespace for example, a recipe 
## Discovery 
Each Constellation will need to be "discovered" by the player, since in every world they will generate in a random location in the night sky. The player will do this by using an [[stick-starlight/Items#Tools|Aquamarine Spyglass]], and attempting to connect stars. To make this less painful, stars in Constellations will have a slight glimmer to them when in the [[stick-starlight/Items#Tools|Aquamarine Spyglass]]
+ I would love to see this made more in-world than in original AS; maybe you can still only discover one per night, but they are actually attached to the sky as you discover them (as opposed to only after discovery, like in AS). if we make a telescope that sits on the ground, it would be nice for it to move along the sky slowly and lock on the constellation (since irl time you don't need to move the telescope but mc time is fast). also, maybe we have to make our own constellation papers and record the connections on paper rather than drawing them in the sky to be more diegetic?
## Shape
Due to the interesting requirements of Constellations, they require a custom shape system. Likely this will use points and connections. Points are a 2d vector of X and Y, and connections define how the points connect. Once the shape must be rendered in-world, only the points will be rendered; and the connections will be saved for when it is discovered
+ the amount of space to define a constellation is finite, limited by the attunement structure. we only need the "resolution" of the constellation shapes to be as big as this limit.